The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Life is what happens when you are busy making other plans.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it is the courage to continue that counts.
Believe you can and you are halfway there.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The second best time is now.
Your time is limited, do not waste it living someone else life.
In three words I can sum up everything I learned about life: it goes on.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life and be without flavor.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
I think, therefore I am.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Everything you have ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you.
What we think, we become.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Well done is better than well said.
The best revenge is massive success.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Life is short, and it is up to us to make it sweet.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
The question is not who is going to let me, it is who is going to stop me.
Dream big and dare to fail.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Many of life great failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
The mind that opens to a new idea never returns to its original size.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.
I have not failed. I have just found ten thousand ways that will not work.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
You miss one hundred percent of the shots you never take.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
There is nothing permanent except change.
Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity, and I am not sure about the universe.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
The purpose of life is not to be happy, but to matter, to be productive, to be useful.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
If you tell the truth, you do not have to remember anything.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Love the life you live. Live the life you love.
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
The future depends on what you do today.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I am possible.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life.
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it is a failure, you will fail above everyone else success.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
The time is always right to do what is right.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
